sunny following a fat Trel a seat alloy
welcome to season 4 equals kitchen and
for this season we will be trying
something different for the whole month
we're going to be cooking dishes based
on one theme and can you guess what this
must be miss well look it's tries to you
of course surprise surprise as you can
see we even gasoline up here on the set
it will not read him loves oranges and
look I even dressed like a red envelope
to wonder if I have any money in here
look five dollars cool say that for
later but this week we're gonna be
making our own homemade top planes do
not own homemade chocolate wrappers so
let's get to it and make some dumplings
yeah mess up on ingredients in the phone
starting with the ginger garlic chives
mushrooms and the shrimp add an itchy
grew into a big bowl along with the
ground pork pour in some sesame oil
white pepper powder
salt and some soy sauce next crack an
egg into a bowl and feed it well then
put it in with the rest of the
ingredients okay so now that we have put
all degrees in the bow it's time to go
mix it to just use your hands and fiber
in like this so to touch you we just mix
it around kids all well mixed together
the pork a charge the mushroom the
garlic shrimp egg oh this raw egg in it
um can someone else come into this I
don't want to touch raw a good story
okay all right now there you put the top
way fillet in the refrigerator to
marinate you're going to make the homie
rappers now so first we need four cups
flour it'll end up its mobile and I'm
going to mix it with water but make sure
it is hot or their water if I want to a
doctor saw one or two
and then you just stop put your hand in
and just dive it wait maybe just on a
good idea okay look we just use a fancy
mixing that I don't want to go to a
hospital cause you if I do that might
not have not a prescription because yeah
moving trouble just mix mix mix and he
becomes doughy mixture not right now
because when I was crumbly looks like
Gucci now blue cheese mix the dough
until it becomes smooth and elastic a
wrap the dough with a piece of plastic
and let it rest for these 15 minutes up
to two hours all right sergeant dough
has rested by these 15 master up to two
hours for a bit you just unwrap the
dough and just take a five to six inch
long piece of dough about one inch thick
you roll it up into a log like so and
then you cut into about 1-inch pieces
approximately each
next using either a rolling pin all your
hair let the other edges of the wrapper
leaving the center slightly thicker then
take a ball of filling and place it into
the center not too much or also first
add some water around the edges so if
stick hold up into a half moon shape and
folding the edges with multiple pleats
and that's how you make a dumpling isn't
it cute alright so after fishing
wrapping the dumplings here they are go
wonderfully wrap we're going to put them
in the water for them so let's go to it
add the toppings into the water one by
one and when they float to the top oil
for five to six more minutes until
they're done don't they look good so the
dumplings are done cooking now and so
let's try and see how they taste mmm nom
nom hmm p good alright so here it is
homemade dumplings for Luna near I'm
chipping everywhere now that's what she
said maybe anyways yeah homemade
dumplings when we lunar new year I hope
you make them too all right happy new
man new year everybody I'm suddenly if I
lock hey fat choy all right bye see you
next week alright so here I am nine
years eve making dumplings here like an
old Chinese lady see top time whooping
coming up star
stop